Make the activate setting more intuitive (#22906)
openssl/openssl: CHANGES.md

### Changes between 3.2 and 3.3 [xx XXX xxxx]

 * The activate configuration setting for providers in openssl.cnf has been

>    updated to require a value of [1|yes|true|on] (case insensitive) to

Reviewer: 'case insensitive' is not 100% accurate. How about 
```suggestion
   updated to require a value of [1|yes|true|on] (in lower or UPPER case) to
```

Author: fixed
